The Laptop Repair Services Management System (LRSMS), which is password-protected, has been designed for the admin to use. Through the system, they can record customer details like the visit IDs, the names of the customers, the visit dates, what services the clients need, their respective service fees, payment made by each customer, their unpaid balances and the amount of money the shop owes to each customer respectively. 

LRSMS can display the services the shop provides along with the fees (for both normal and urgent service) and the number of days each service will take. This will facilitate the staff to answer customer queries about the different services and prices. It also provides the possibility to change the service chosen once a service has been recorded in case a mistake has been made when recording. The fees will be changed accordingly, and the payment made will be carried forward, and a new unpaid balance will be recorded. In case a refund is needed, the system will show and record the amount of money that should be returned to the customer. Payment made can also be changed, and new balances will be automatically calculated, displayed and recorded. LRSM also provides the option to view the total paid and unpaid balances of the customers, as well as the total amount the shop owes to its clients. Through the search option, the admin can easily look up a specific customer’s full details or financial details, and through the cancel option, they can easily delete the recorded details of a customer who has cancelled his/her service. In this case, the system will indicate how much money should be refunded to the customer in case payment had already been made. The system can also display all the details of all the customers who have visited the shop in a table-like format to facilitate the admin to look up customers’ information.
